add tsconfig compatibility section (#2677)
denoland/deno-docs: runtime/reference/ts_config_migration.md

## Configuring TypeScript in Deno

```json title="deno.json"
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "checkJs": true,
    "...": "..."
  }
}
```

Deno aims to simplify TypeScript configuration based on the following design
choices:

- Strict and modern defaults for type-checking rules.
- Allowing the omission of settings relating to the target runtime or
  compatibility, leveraging direct integration with the execution environment.
- Project references using `deno.json` directory scopes.

The last point presents an simpler format than `tsconfig.json`'s
[`references`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#references) and
[`extends`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#extends) fields, replacing
them with `deno.json` workspaces and root-member inheritance. See the section on
[type checking in workspaces](/runtime/fundamentals/workspaces/#type-checking).

> ## TSConfig compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `tsconfig.json` compatibility
```
I feel like this will be easier to grasp by more people

Reviewer: Actually not sure about it anymore. Probably good to link to https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/ directly as well

> While TSConfigs are not recommended for Deno-first projects, existing Node.js +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using `tsconfig.json` files is not recommended for Deno-first projects, existing Node.js +
```

> TypeScript workspaces using them should work out-of-the-box under Deno's type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript workspaces using them work out-of-the-box under Deno's type
```

checker and LSP.

Each workspace directory containing a `deno.json` or `package.json` is probed
for a `tsconfig.json`. If it exists, it is added as a 'root' project reference
and contained references are included recursively.

As with `tsc`, the scope of a TSConfig is determined by its
[root fields](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#root-fields). In case of
overlap:

- A reference takes precedence over its referrer.
- For root references, `foo/bar/tsconfig.json` takes precedence over
  `foo/tsconfig.json`.
- If a parent `deno.json` contains `compilerOptions`, that will take precedence

>   over any TSConfig.

Author: Aside from the last point (the simpler one), that's tsc semantics and should work intuitively. This is just a reference for technical users
